# biological-active-authentication
Biological Active Authentication (BAA) uses changeable, hard-to-imitate and actively-shown biological characteristics to identify an individual.
## Overview
The biological active authentication strategy proposed here is based on biometrics and includes an active authentication and authorization method of AI technology. The goal is to create such an identity authentication method: it is unconstrained, simple and quick, and as accurate and safe as you, as an inspector, sees me express the agreed secret sign.
## background
At present, biometric technology has made great progress. Fingerprint recognition, face recognition has been widely accepted. At the same time, the research on voiceprint locks has made great progress, which can meet the needs of enterprises and individual users. Compared with traditional authentication methods such as passwords and cards, it has a certain degree of non-replication and is simple, fast, convenient, and difficult to change.
## The significance of biological active authentication strategy
Traditional identity authentication methods have characteristics such as easy to lose and easy to steal. The new biometric verification has the extremely passive nature of the verified person: the verified person cannot change his verification credentials (most of his credentials are of a lifetime), and it is difficult to reject the verification when the verified person is under control. In the case of voiceprint locks, a particular problem is that they are relatively useless, such as in quiet public places or conference rooms, and their unlocking is not concealable (while infrared rays used for face recognition cannot be detected by human eyes).
## The goal of a biological active authentication strategy
The biological active authentication strategy aims to use the biological changeable characteristics, which are not easy to lose or steal, grab, and verify certain specific or non-specific information that cannot be compared without the active display of the organism. The fundamental goal is to provide an elegant, fast and proactive authorization verification strategy. The core vocabulary is "active" and "authentication". However, the use of face recognition and other technologies for additional verification at the begining is also acceptable.
